\input texinfo
@iftex
@catcode`@#=6
@def@fref#1{@xrefX[#1,,@code{#1},,,]}
@def@b#1{{@bf@gt #1}}
@catcode`@#=@other
@end iftex
@overfullrule=0pt
@c -*-texinfo-*-
@comment %**start of header

@setfilename MMGLmanual

@settitle Mathematica Module for Graph Laplacians

@comment %**end of header
@comment %@setchapternewpage odd

@titlepage

@title Mathematica Module for ARAP Interpolation
@subtitle MARAP User's Manual
@subtitle Version 0.24
@subtitle @today{}

@author Tomomi Hirano, Kyushu University.
@author Yoshihiro Mizoguchi, Kyushu University.
@table @t
@item Ver. 0.1
13 September 2016
@end table
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Copyright @copyright{} 2016 Kyushu University, All rights reserved.
@page
@end titlepage

@synindex vr fn

@node Top,, (dir), (dir)

@menu
* Introduction::
* Basic Functions::
* Matrix Functions::
* Local Interpolations::
* Global Interpolations::
* Draw Animation::
* Index::
@end menu

@c ======================================================
@contents
@node Introduction,Basic Functions,, Top
@chapter Introduction

This is a Mathematica Module for investigating an interpolation
in Computer Graphics, called the ARAP (as rigid as possible) interpolation.
Our module contains about 100 functions of lementary matrix
operations, matrix and polygon interpolatins
and drawing polygons.

To use this package "ARAPlibv024`" and sample data "ARAPdatav021`"
users should set a directory where the modules is stored.

@example
[Example]

SetDirectory[FileNameJoin[{$HomeDirectory, "--- Some Folder ---"}]];
<< ARAPlibv024`;
<< ARAPdata021`;
@end example

@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@noindent
This module was used and introduced in the followings:
@table @t
@item [1] 
S.Kaji, S.Hirose, S.Sakata, Y.Mizoguchi,
@uref{http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2422368,
Mathematical analysis on affine maps for 2D shape interpolagion},
SCA '12 Proceedings of the ACM SIGGRAPH/Eurographics Symposium on Computer Animation,
pp.71-76. 
@item [2]
Y. Mizoguchi,
Mathematical Aspects of Interpolation Technique for Computer Graphics,
Forum ``Math-for-Industry'' 2012, Information Recovery and Discovery,
22 October 2022. @uref{http://fmi2012.imi.kyushu-u.ac.jp/}
@item [3]
T.Hirano, A.hirakawa, N.Miyaki, C.Matsufuji and Y.Mizoguchi.
Mathematica Module for ARAP Interpolation @* 
@uref{https://github.com/KyushuUniversityMathematics/MathematicaARAP}

@end table

@node Basic Functions,Matrix Functions,Introduction, Top
@include BasicFunctions.texi

@node Matrix Functions,Local Interpolations,Basic Functions, Top
@include MatrixFunctions.texi

@node Local Interpolations,Constraint Functions,Matrix Functions,Top
@include LocalInterpolations.texi

@node Constraint Functions,Global Interpolations,LocalInterpolations,Top
@include ConstraintFunctions.texi

@node Global Interpolations,Draw Animation,Constraint Functions,Top
@include GlobalInterpolations.texi

@node Draw Animation,Index,Global Interpolations, Top
@include DrawAnimation.texi

@node Index,,Draw Animation, Top
@unnumbered Index

@printindex fn

@c @printindex cp
@c ky: @kindex, pg: @pindex, tp: @tindex
@iftex
@vfill @eject
@end iftex
@c @summarycontents

@bye


